much more no make anything well Joe it's
so great to see you in situ
I love the sunglasses the pretty slick
these are okay I thought I was getting
the coolest ones but then my friends who
were shopping with me they came running
back and they're like I don't pay yet
don't pay yet honey
take a look at these and I looked and
there's a separation like between the
frame right seeing you want to look okay
I did my own eye makeup so it's a mess I
couldn't get anybody to fix my makeup
today what's the benefit of the
separation fucking art just looks dope
fuck yeah I've got a little bit of brow
peeping through I see see they're very
cool and look at the Pinker flasher
whatever you call this that's my color I
like the bracelet too the pink one
that's jamming boy it's pretty dope I've
had it for a long long time like Phyllis
Diller I just collect weird costumes you
know
yeah and just wear them in the house but
I decided to start wearing them out more
now I like it yeah it works you can pull
it off for sure now hells yeah yeah your
hair in rock star now because I'm like
okay well you know whatever okay
nothing can ever stop me because I'm a
comic right right that can stop us
nothing because we have some fucking
weird DNA Bend that we just have to get
the fucking last laugh right we have to
get the laugh I know I have to I'm just
glad you're back to stand up to I'm
really really excited about that I don't
know about that it wasn't sparking joy
as that woman says she says if you're
doing thing in your life that is not
sparking joy then fuck it who said that
that lady that tells you to throw out
your clothes that don't spark joy
oh she like a minimalist lady I don't
know she's on the Internet
okay she's really helped me cuz I'm a
hoarder
they have me too a little bit yeah I'll
buy this desk I got a lot of knickknacks
and stuff I say
yeah I uh but you were saying that
stand-up wasn't sparking joy yeah well
it was a sparking joy in the past yeah
in the last few you know in a while
because I'm so nervous it's like oh my
god I get so nervous cuz I don't really
know I don't really know anymore you
know not really the funny moved I see
what you're saying yeah yeah yeah yeah
it does
and um like I was saying I need a line
one killer line one killer opening line
that encapsulates the entire year I've
just lived through right right I need
that kind of a line or it's not gonna
work for me
you know Oh every no something happened
sure yeah and I just don't talk about it
that much beside call never a a bitch do
you ever work with writers understand
that stand-up writers yeah no I want to
but all my friends are dead oh oh right
comic friends are dead I'm sure Mota's
role and became Chabad you know who
would be great Tony Hinchcliffe who's
that is that hilarious how all great
comic he's 36 that's a good age yeah 35
36 he's really funny
fantastic joke writer and he writes for
roasts all the time rose riser roasts
yeah I would love to connect you with I
would love that help you would you know
coal s your thoughts you know the comics
are the the comics that like me you know
push this mic up to you a little closer
to you oh there we go
the comics that like me everybody likes
you well I know that comics do yeah the
comics that well some don't like me well
they're silly
yeah well sums bitches and they're gonna
they're looking for a fucking smackdown
I said leave me when the day comes they
will get their fucking Smackdown from me
Joe and it will not be like no Smackdown
they've ever had before in their
privilege but in a little while this'll
be you're gonna raise your kids on
welfare when I'm done with your house
same kind of thing because I was raised
on welfare I was well
oh yeah yeah well until we're like 1314
mm yeah did you get the government
cheese we did we didn't get the
government cheese my dad used to take
that whole five-pound brick of cheese
you know my dad was the greatest comic
really yeah but crazy like never knowing
when to stop because it stops being
funny at a certain point right yeah but
keep pushing it and pushing it till
somebody slaps you down like yeah it's
that DNA thing that comics have it's bad
it is bad like my friend Sue Mengers
remember her Joe Sue Mengers I do know
the name yeah
well she was of that kinder kinder
whatever it was where they moved these
Jewish children from Germany to England
kinder sport or something and you know
to save them and she was one of those
and her dad was a comic in Germany and
it's just so it's so weird how things go
round and round and we'll get to what
we're going to talk about today but her
dad was a comic in Germany you know real
funny real popular and Hitler came and
took over and he kept on telling the
jokes you know he was telling the jokes
where everyone every little Club doing
the jokes and he was warned
don't you know switch up your joke man
if you want to keep working switch that
joke up to be you know not what you're
saying you know and he wouldn't do it
and she said he even got louder and he
was arrested and of course murdered in
Auschwitz but she lived and she said I
said what what would you say to your dad
now she said you know at a certain point
it fucking stops being funny do
something different you know
don't be don't write it to the Destructo
don't go all the fucking else way over
you know try stay in the middle don't
distract yourself for comedy isn't that
the problem with some comics that like
we don't really know where the line is
until you cross it then you go oh I
fucked up across the line
but you're just trying to be funny and
that's that's something that I think
that non comics don't really understand
when when a comic fucks up makes a
mistake
they're just trying to be funny they're
not trying to be mean yeah and they just
missed they missed and it happens all
the time because you're creating you
know you're living your you're basically
improvising and that's a lot of what
comedy is is improvising a line and
trying to say something and in the
moment you might think it's funny but if
you had more time to think about it you
might have said I shouldn't say it that
way people are gonna get it wrong or
maybe I should be correct myself but
that's when you start being not funny
cuz self-censorship that's how they want
us to be they want us to like always be
like should I say this or shouldn't and
you know just like her dad they're in
Germany you know should I say this or
should I say that or instead of I guess
the more intelligent of us go how can I
say this and reach people yeah cuz you
know the people are thinking just like
you cuz they're people too but we're not
ruled by people let's really get into it
now okay let's get into it who we're
ruled by artificial intelligence already
uh-huh ships has been it's been an
experiment for almost 700 years 700 yeah
more did you see today Joe it was the
biggest news I've ever seen in my life
that and I didn't get a chance to vet it
you know so I really okay I'm not gonna
say it but I did better ourselves on the
show okay I thought you know a lot of
these Christians out there I mean
they're really connected in with the
whole Q thing have you noticed that Q
and like you and ons are you saying yes
you what is Q people what does that mean
17:17 like the letter Q uh-huh and that
means eight and then you reduce that
down to two and reduce it to 1 you know
it's a mystical thing oh so it's like
like numerology type yeah everything's
numbers right and everything is like
appreciating the numbers and like that's
why I told you there's this whole
process to just smoke in a cigar you
don't just go like this you got it
you have to sense it smell it mmm
hold it I believe I'll have a light now
Joe
q dang I love cigars no one's gonna get
mad at me for giving you a cigar are
they no no you're okay with that yeah
because you're on inhale okay yeah no I
can't I just can't do cigarettes hmm but
I'm gonna start on cigars cuz they last
a hell a lot longer than a cigarette and
they never go out you smoke about half a
one per day when did you stop with the
cigarettes cuz last time you were here
you were chain-smoking three three packs
you were smoking three packs a day and
this was right after all the bull shit
went down and yeah I needed a smoke
screen between myself in the world
that's what my psychic counselor said
you're a psychic well it's my daughter
but she's a psychic counselor I'm sorry
noise and say so they say shit like that
the youth Oh see there are another wave
like a smoke screen or glasses like
glasses kind of feel like that to me
sometimes like if I sunglasses on I feel
like I can like maneuver through crowds
better of course you can cuz you're
protecting your eyeballs cuz everything
is ghosts or your eyes like those things
those worms that they got now they go
right for your eyes you know what I'm
talking about right
Oh Jamie does school you are in this
well let's go back to the 700 year eh I
think first I don't want to lose that
we've been ruled by artificial
intelligence for 700 years
no probably longer it's just like
Babylonia well it's Babylon it's all
babylon babylon chant down Babylon you
know it's Babylon well yeah that's like
Iraq right sir mayor Mesopotamia that
very part of the world well that it's
not really part of the world so much as
it's part of the brain in the memory now
where was better that's changed now was
it it's over there somewhere
mmm in the Bible as they say right it's
in the Bible I don't exactly know what
part of the world it's the Middle East
Iraq okay yeah
and Iran what a crazy part of the world
you know I mean what a amazing history
that part of the world has and still
it's happening
yeah still is having as per my tweet
which was miss characterized by people
have low intellect is what I'm saying
now and soon fucking-a to get
motherfuckers I don't say that anymore
out now I say those of lower intellect
isn't you know what I think big part is
about Iran and the people spite in Iran
of which I so I'm so thrilled and
supportive for the people the working
people of Iran who want to overthrow
their ruling class mullahs who you know
control the way they think do and say in
every aspect for Diglett for women and
that's getting ready to go and I hope
Trump helps push that a little bit
further to because everybody wants
freedom now hot from Hong Kong to Tehran
the Hong Kong riots are insane there but
I can't believe what's going on the
strength of the human spirit it blows me
away well they've been writing for so
long now yeah I mean it's not slowing
down at all 17 weeks of Ryan
that is crazy hmm 17 mm-hmm everything
everything so find out sooner it's just
in the air Allah so is 11 did you ever
notice that about 11:00 and every time
you look at your clock it's something me
11 right I don't know it just is I don't
know what it means just look at my watch
and it's always like more times than not
something 11 what does it mean to you
though just hey there's a okay just like
there's a pattern to this I don't know
it's just there again right there it is
it's like something synchronicity us
synchronicity I hope think renessa it is
now put it in the dictionary urban
dictionary try to mark that that's the
beautiful thing about urban dictionary
right you can just like god I knew right
and I love making up words me too I
never have though I don't think I made
one up but I like it when other people
do I've fucked words up before but I
never stuck with them synchronicities
yeah that's legit thank you thank you so
much my pleasure thank you that means a
lot to me so 700 years of us being poor
or what I mean the babylon thing the
whole descent of babylon which is
artifice artificial intelligence that's
right and the Tower of Babel which is
the jar of artificial intelligence
where everybody was trying to go higher
higher in the pyramid in the hierarchy
where there's only like a certain
percentage of people at the top and
billions at the bottom and chains you
know not that pyramid I mean it's
getting over its tip now it's over it's
not gonna work anymore because people
got too damn smart and goddamn we I
shouldn't say god damn you just say it
oh god damn god damn smart and I'm so
proud of them because I keep going keep
going don't let nothing stop you this is
the first time in the human history and
and this guy told me this once I have
talked to the most interesting people
who have ever lived this guy he was the
one that wired all of Mexico for Ted
Turner or some shit some old big old
parties I used to go to before I stayed
too long but first they're fun but
anyways anyways um I forgot what I was
saying oh yeah he said we'd put these
satellites this is the age of miracles
to messages bouncing off satellites and
appearing in billions of places at once
at this faster than the speed of light
and that this this would engender a new
what do they call it Renaissance in art
and everything that you know when art
gets fucking cool
everything gets cool buildings commerce
everything gets creative and it's just a
creative creative time is coming from
after this particular time of like a
deadening or something or we didn't
think but now they can't hold it down
this is the first time in history I said
to him it seems to me like this might be
the first time in history where no
church or state can keep the facts from
the people as you said yeah that's true
that does feel like this and I mean
that's gonna create the most cool shit
yeah like cars that will fly or
something I don't know how it will
manifest but it's high thinking and it's
good and the more we see the rock at the
bottom which is everywhere now you just
kind of keep looking up just keep
looking up don't look down
you know when you're on that tightrope
that's what these hey never look down
when you're walking a tightrope you just
keep looking forward and up a little bit
forward and up hmm you know and just
keep going it's tough for people right
now who and I know people are getting
censored and what the hell you know what
are we gonna do about it you you wanted
to talk about that it's well terrible
yeah for sure and we we were as we got
here Jamie was informing me that there's
some new YouTube policy that is uh
saying what was the descriptions of our
podcast number 13 57 got a human review
with harmful or dangerous acts hmm we
talked about we probably joked around
about harmful or dangerous I yes I mean
it's discussing it but I think I think
that they're saying it's it's in the
video of it like they're saying is this
in your video and I would say no no I
was discussing it so that's why I don't
know so when we can we appeal that or is
that it maybe they want to open a
dialogue oh that's it that's it yeah
through a deeper process right now and
we'll wait to see what they say but this
is a very new thing that just happened
within the last two weeks on YouTube and
we're probably one of the first channels
to get it have we had one of our guys
look at the video to see if they can
find something that they think yeah you
should research and find out it was
broken into clips and pulling the clip
channel and those were all allowed okay
so I don't know if it was a different
person yeah I have to say I'm rather
staggered at what they allow and don't
allow I am so glad I'm fucking old
because I'll be passing away from this
fucking realm soon enough please God
nothing makes any fucking sense it does
no sense but I think it's fascinating
it's interesting to watch all these
different people scrambling for control
yeah is that what they're doing yeah
they're scrambling for control they want
to control the way people communicate
and they also want to make a profit see
part of this is they're they're
incentivizing people to do shows that
they can profit off of so if you have a
show that has no bad language
if
a show that has no controversial topics
those shows are more appealing to
advertisers so for them as a business
they'll look at someone like me and say
well this is a limited advertiser option
but I just think they're looking at it
incorrectly you know if if you looked at
the popularity of it you'd say well as a
lot of people that are paying attention
to this just find the right ads find ads
for I don't know finance for shit that's
a little bit more risky I don't know
what that would be Corvette's whiskey I
don't know whatever the fuck you want to
sell but it's not like we're we're not
we're not saying dangerous things like
encouraging people who do harmful things
or asking people to do illegal things
you don't realize it I don't think so
I think what it's more like is they've
got very rigid ideas of what is or is
not suitable for advertising and maybe
this is coming down from the ad
executives maybe this is coming down
from the people that are at the top that
have a much more progressive stance on
things what we would call progressive
more I would say like hard left like a
more hard left stance answers yeah
there's a lot of that and they think
it's okay and they think it's
predictable there's a lot of people that
are getting censored that are not not
just people that are on the right which
I'm not on the right but people that are
you know journalists I'm more of a I'm
certainly more in the middle like like I
can't escape from a gun right now that's
who's getting it
yes she's getting the axe or people in
the middle because it is a war between
those two far right and far right left
yes and there's so so labor well the
control the way people communicate and
talk to it's just people like
controlling people it's a natural thing
people want other people to comply when
you see all these riots and these
protests where people are screaming at
each other they want power I mean
whether it makes any sense or not it's
not like these people are in a position
to actually do anything with that power
but they want people to comply when
they're yelling at someone they want
people to decide that this person is
good or this person is bad or they're
right or they're wrong this is
what a lot of it is it's a psychological
game it's just a it's a social
experiment
I don't know if it's an experiment but
it's the whole country's an experiment
self-government right and this is an
experiment in self-expression because
this is the first time that anyone like
Sally Montgomery whatever and pick a
name this lady can start a YouTube
channel and make a lot of sense
start talking some shit and be funny and
all of a sudden she's got 20 million
subscribers and she's making a ton of
loot but maybe she starts talking shit
about things and maybe Sally likes to
joke around about certain things and
they'll just decide well this is not
suitable for advertising or this is this
is dangerous or harmful and what people
decide is harmful and isn't harmful the
problem is this is not First Amendment
right and they in in their defense
they're not keeping me from saying these
things but they're incentivizing you to
not say these things by costing you
money now the question is are they doing
this because they just want to maximize
their profits and this is just how the
deals that they have with advertisers or
they're doing it because of their
personal views on what you're saying and
that's where things get squirrely right
when a person tells you personally
Roseanne I don't like the way you talk
about the country or about liberals or
about this or about that so we're gonna
try to silence your voice there's a lot
of that happening to the people like but
there's also a lot of left-wing
journalists that are getting silenced
there's a lot of people that are
independent journalists that are getting
pushed out you know it's it's like Tulsi
Gabbard his she's a she's a liberal
she's a Democrat she's also a two-time
she served overseas two two deployments
and she's a six year veteran and she
more than six year veteran six year
congresswoman she's you know she's
getting censured she's suing Google so
it's they're not just going after people
that are on the right obviously she's on
the left she's running as a Democratic
candidate for president she's suing them
because they censored her search results
allegedly I don't you know I don't know
enough about all that there's no way I
could well they also hold people's
numbers of followers down they can flip
a switch yeah they can shadow ban you
yeah everybody shadow everyone I know
idle band so uh Santino I'm sorry we are
people doing it for the advertising my
that's what I asked myself I don't don't
make a dime and I've been out for twenty
years I mean I don't make a dime in fact
every time I open my mouth I cost myself
someone you mean on social media yeah
yeah and so of course I won't be on
there anymore Roseann you need a goddamn
podcast your party no Joe I'm trying to
get it which people do not know what to
tell me what to do
well I can't told you I need someone to
tell me what to do you're in the right
place god damn it I really need to tell
people what's going on and they don't
even know but I know because I did the
reading for this and I mean this is all
just a social experiment to see how far
they can push us listen each other away
from any kind of possible power we could
have to coalesce and go wait a minute
you guys are not gonna take any more of
our money for your fucking travels hey
bitch bitch no you can't no you it was
not in the public sphere when she said
it was in the public well who is she
Nancy Nancy Pelosi goddamn Nancy Oh
Nancy what'd she do Nancy's on my last
nerve
was he insane up for ten years - Nancy
are on my last nerve you've got a lot to
answer for in San Francisco what you
have allowed on the streets there - the
homeless people it's disgusting I go up
there and I am disgusted it's crazy
right now I don't think most people know
how bad people are living in shit and
felt their children around drug addicts
dying in this fucking streets of the
richest financial district on the west
coast you know where's that money going
to you I just like and then Laura Loomer
went up to two of Nancy's vineyard
trying to find her it's like if you guys
don't get yet that it don't matter
who the president is it's all a fucking
scam to put public money into private
pockets and nothing else you're being
robbed and nothing else and they're both
doing it both parties both sides both up
and down it's about the American people
we have got to go to Washington you know
that movie mrs. mr. Smith I think about
we all need to be mr. Smith and all go
to Washington because like this is our
government that is our tax money and it
will be audited as Trump has promised
and as long as President Trump continues
to make the moves to keep that promise
to us I will be supportive of him
because that needs to happen the Federal
Reserve must be audited and we have to
thank President Trump for going in that
direction how much time do you spend
thinking about this stuff 18 hours a day
I can't say everyone's mad at me it
makes no sense otherwise I mean you have
to help me understand what I've done you
need a co-host you need like a like a
like someone's yeah yeah someone's gonna
like sit sit whatever Dave McHenry who's
that Tiffani mix Fitz Henry I can't
remember his fits Henry he'll find yes
TIFF
I want her my co-host oh shit what did
she do she can uncover anything okay she
goes out but she's like oh here it is oh
he was arrested in 1922 when he had this
and that john bolton why Blash he gets
it all all Declassified the government
song shit do you have to make it up
Freedom of Information Act the greatest
story never told the story of this
country it's phenomenal I'd like to see
somebody make a movie on it talk to
Oliver Stone he seems I have talked to
him before did you
he's so left I might kidnap a rat huh
two left give her a rest
started by BATS you're not gonna have
your one fucking commie world just down
bastards go away
even race somebody's fuckin wage yeah
pay your people decent for fuck's sake
let's start there
he hasn't pays people decent well I
don't know that I'm just saying if he
didn't that's true you know I'm saying
I'm just sick of people say bakra see I
understand just how people get their
their fucking money back that belongs to
them like public money that's for roads
streets hospitals schools okay public
money when they give it to private
contractors to go to you know where they
go
you know move guns and shit all around
the world that means like Eisenhower
said that's one less high school for the
kids come on we're going to be the kind
of a country that leads the world we
cannot we're not we cannot be
imperialist one-world fascist we can't
do it won't work we have to do something
else so we can't be one world fascist
you mean like one world government you
know yeah leave people to fuck alone
leave the tribal people in the Middle
East to live where they live forever
fuck you know you know and if you can't
then separate them separate them yeah if
they can't live together then don't
force them to live like what people are
talking about with the Palestinians and
the Israelis like that kind of deal well
in Israel the Arab population is very
well integrated so I don't mean Israel
but out of Israel they're not very well
integrated you know because they're you
just get their money from bullshit
propaganda peddled by the left but the
people on the ground are what I'm saying
the people on the ground are the ones
that matter to me and if you can live
together then live together that's great
and if you can't then don't nobody can
force you to live with people who want
you dead
what is that that's are its are you
shitting me not gonna live with people
that want you dead I'm not
sure what you're referring to though I
prefer to the entire world the whole
world the entire fucking world led by
you know bad ideas man that haven't
worked this far it's gonna have to be
something new that actually works for
the people in the world not just the
people at the top like in the world of
course I loved him
but when I ran for president I had my
solutions or solution well I have to
tell you Joe when I was a little girl I
made a promise to myself I guess or and
the cosmos and God and everything that I
was never I was not ever gonna I was
gonna keep trying to no no matter why I
was gonna keep trying to know and know
something new know something new and
different like what how to create a
world where something like Auschwitz
doesn't exist and even the thought of it
doesn't exist but you really can't
because I think when you read about
Western society and all of that you're
like maybe that was it
you know that's where it leads well it
seems like throughout history there's
been evil governments there's been
certain evil organizations that have
done horrific things yeah like way back
to as far as we know from Rome to the
Inquisition to the Mongols - yeah you
know I mean there's been horrific things
done by human beings and one of the
things about knowing about things like
Auschwitz is it lets us know that even
though things in this country right now
are relatively great in comparison to
the rest of the world relatively great
comparison to some parts of the world
that are war-torn and terrible right now
it could go bad it could go bad because
that's what humans are capable of humans
are capable when they're led by the
wrong ideology when they're there
minded when they're all in there they
can do some terrible awful things and we
need to know that and it's one of the
things about having something like
Auschwitz in our history that we we know
that that's possible well we know that
you can make you can convince people of
anything yes we know that yes for sure
and if you like he said if if you tell a
lie if you make it big enough and tell
it often enough everybody will believe
it well if you just keep talking one of
the things that I think is really
interesting about the internet today's
you're seeing groups of people that are
connected to groups of people and for
sure this podcast is guilty of it in a
certain way although it's unintentional
but there there are people out there
that are essentially running online
cults yeah it's not hard to do no it's
not it's people love a leader we have an
inherent desire to be a part of a tribe
right it's because we're a tribe yeah
look I have a goddamn American flag
behind me I mean there's a reason for
that I love America I really do I love
the idea of it the idea of freedom
self-expression and this is one of the
rare places on earth well you can come
here with fuck-all and really make
something out of yourself
there's no caste system here we
celebrate people that are poor that make
it to become huge look at all the
entertainment singers I believe that
basically because you know basically I'm
still like I always was people think oh
you're no longer a socialist well I'm
not going to call it socialism anymore
you know I ran as a socialist candidate
in 2012 what's changed spread the Peace
and Freedom Party there's a peace and
freedom party
yeah who's opposing that that's a good
move cars off the Peace and Freedom
Party no I oppose Peace and Freedom well
it was a party of the Black Panthers and
it was really Cisco yeah and so that was
very important for me to run on there
like what's Dick Gregory he's the first
comic that did it I loved he wasn't he
was a mentor to me and so I did it cuz
Dick Gregory did it and I wanted to be
worthy of talking to dick Berggren
yes great things and kind of glad he
wasn't around I hope he wasn't around
when they start calling me a racist you
know he's the guy that brought the
Kennedy assassination film to Geraldo
Rivera yeah he brought the Zapruder film
I
No as a television that's mean he's a
very important guy never when he was fat
he was fat for a little bit yeah then it
became like a vegetarian hmm I'm not a
fruitarian or something oh he started
having looked about Bahamian diet oh
here's a his son there's his sons are
good people and stay in touch a little
bit I said I bet your dad's haunting you
guys I can't see him being quiet up
there they said things happen where they
wonder if it isn't their dad he's one of
those guys that I really feel sad that I
didn't get a chance to meet him he had a
mind like wow that was a two century
looking at him was going back centuries
you know just the storehouse of
information he had in his brain of
history no the kind of history we we
never hear yes and now I feel sorry for
the kids in school these days they don't
hear any real history at all I'm almost
it's almost like there's too much
information at their fingertips that's
true
like there's a poverty of information
because there's an overwhelming amount
of stuff that's coming their way it's
hard for them to figure out what's
important like I don't think that school
is the way that most people learn
correctly because I think it's too rigid
and limiting but one thing at least is
school gives you a core set of a base of
knowledge that you need to learn you
need to learn some American history you
need to learn some you know world
history you need to learn some science
that I think having that core foundation
of information there's a lot of kids
that are just really lacking that today
if they're not paying attention in
school they're just fucking off and
there you know googling things on the
internet and they go in one ear and out
the other after the test is over they
don't remember any of it
not really and I'm like that me too I
when I'm interested in things I retain
them but when I don't give up like
someone will say something to me and if
I don't care it's gone like I couldn't
for my life tell you what you just said
thirty seconds neither I don't even
remember remember what I said but if
someone says something that's really
significant to me it means a lot ever
yeah I mean I can pull up like after
this whole thing today what I'll
remember us he said he liked my hair
and you know I love you I love
everything thank you so much I love you
too thank you um when you look first of
all you really could and should do a
podcast and we can definitely help you I
can connect you with people that'll make
it a plug-and-play thing where it's real
easily yeah okay are you staying here
now are you in Hawaii wow that's the
problems don't go back and forth cuz
well kids make me come and babysit all
the time
but that's not hard you just get the
back spot so I do it these days there's
so much pot it's like it's hard to say
with I'm not even know what bad pot
isn't him well now that it's being sold
on every street or out here it's like
heaven the only issue is there's a guy
named John Norris and he was he was
working for the Department of Fish and
Game as a game warden and he started
stumbling upon these illegal cartel
grow-ops
and I heard about that apparently some
crazy number like between 80 and 90% of
all the illegal marijuana that's sold in
this country is coming from cartel
grow-ops or similar illegal grow-ops
where they use dangerous pesticides so
there's a movement right now for people
to test marijuana and in fact my friend
Todd is actually starting a business
doing this where they want to check
marijuana plants and check you you know
make sure inspect the stuff that people
are growing to make sure there's no
harmful chemicals or pesticides because
they're using this stuff to keep animals
away to keep bugs from eating the leaves
and then you can smoke that stuff and
it's toxic yeah cuz that's what they're
saying about fentanyl you know they're
just bringing that in and like the drug
people I can't get their drugs anymore
because it's too expensive those
prescription painkillers exactly it
smells way stronger it's way smaller and
it kills people so about a guy was
telling me that cops where he works have
to wear gloves when they're handling
people that overdosed Helmer because
they they're literally getting it
through the pores of the skin of the
people that are overdosing
that's how potent this shit is so if you
grab some sweaty guy who's overdosing
and you're a cop and you have bare hands
and that sweat gets you literally can
get fucked up from now thank god is
insane so there
I don't know it's just an incredibly
potent opiate made out of poppies I
don't know I think that's completely
synthetic it is I think it's completely
synthetic and they're always releasing
new and more potent versions of it the
prot there's just a massive profit
margin and making drugs that people like
whether they're illegal drugs or illegal
drugs I mean we make this big
distinction about illegal or legal the
good thing about the legal ones is they
don't come with violence
it doesn't come with cartels but it's
still you're killing people people are
dying left and right from legal drugs
from an overuse overprescribed
amount of legal drugs and there's so
many legal drugs that could fucking kill
you do I think everything's just a crime
syndicate and basically it's just a
distribution channel which means roads
and trucks yeah and like Union you know
yes reunions yeah but you know they
probably don't really keep tabs on which
comes in legal and which comes in
illegal well maybe they do but they pray
come on the same plane from Afghanistan
that's what they say come on it's all
like crime as a whole economy it's all
fine I don't think there's anything
people do to live that could be wrong
I just think we could be really smart
and organize it better like we can
create a whole new thing since we have
all these computers and intelligence
open to us and available to us plus the
thinkers that know how to program those
and you know programmers and all those
people that know about zero and one and
one you know hmm
just fucking invent something way better
that helps people and I know people have
the brains to do that in about an hour
if somebody I'll be that leader I mean
if that's called for somebody just has
to tell them to do it I think I think
people need to figure out a way to
profit off helping people that's where
things would get good the problems are I
know but fuck that that's all gonna go
there's not gonna be a more money we
mean it's all gone it's not that I just
don't think there's gonna be any more
money you know thought this Google
quantum computing shit yeah
this Google quantum computing thing they
think it's a huge threat to
cryptocurrency yeah I don't I'm too
stupid to understand whether or not
they're right but I'm Way too uninformed
to but what they're trying to say is
that there's no way you would be able to
encode or encrypt this information that
would keep it from this insane computing
power that they're developing yeah there
is there's yeah there's a way to get
around all of it and I I don't know why
I'm like I mean I know I'm I'm on the
autism spectrum spectrum yeah and you
know a lot of us autistic people we we
just started talking to each other on
the internet quite a while ago about
like hey let's try to envision solutions
to everyday problems that actually
people face and and then threaten them
and see what we can come up with
and so there's whole websites about it
and I wish I had them but I I will post
them after I do the fucking research so
I can't get a goddamn assistant to do
any goddamn research I can't you get a
sister who's that journalist lady she
was asking about did you find her
tiffany tiffany who's it
she had just actually tweeted about
roseanne oh well she is my friend oh
okay that make sense I was like now
we've been friends for a number of
different live she lives down there in
the south and well I don't know she
wants me to say well don't say south oh
she might well she writes some good shit
like did you see her story on George
Clooney no I don't know anything about
her so I and that's that that that
billion dollar tequila he was selling
with Randy Gerber they got they got it
added up to being worth 1 billion
dollars by that company that owns the
most liquor stores in the world and
roads and trucks and blah blah you know
their distribution channel is a good one
a billion dollars and
and the stuff they make tequila with
well you'll have to read the article
it's for people who fancied themselves
progressive and then when their eyes
beheld what the left actually does with
its invested money they're their eyes
bug out and what is he doing with this
tequila money well it's not what he did
doing with it it's how they valued it
it's like you just shows you how corrupt
everything is everything is totally but
it fucking scum I'm confused because
it's just like a successful tequila
business writers are something wrong
with what the way they're doing it um in
some way some people are saying you know
that the the recipe it's grown in
families for generations right and it's
- they're it's like a Walmart kind of
deal to their demise you know the
products they used to produce the
tequila's so they're like getting
waylaid like in a Walmart shopping cart
called George Clooney's company and
these families who have lived for
generations are getting the screwed end
deals like they do when Walmart comes in
the community okay I see what you're
saying so some people who are
progressive they need to know where all
that one worldy crap goes mmm I don't
think they know so what you're saying is
that he is basically profiting off of
the hard work of these people that are
remaining poor and they're buying their
formula and then using that formula to
make that tequila and they're growing
everything but they're making all the
profits that were saying yeah I think
it's about a Gavi which is a resource
right and I think it's about growing
that and the native people owning it
rather than it being bought out from
Andhra so yeah it's a whole one world
issue Ron why it's got a great tequila
company yeah you know Ron I I don't know
him you don't know him no but I love
that he smokes a cigar he's awesome I
love my girl of you really he's a cool
guy
thank he's funny salt of the earth oh
this is amazing I love him but he's got
number one tequila he sells his own
tequila it's really
isn't it weird when you really get
connected and understand that
everything's connect to everything else
a lot of things are connected yeah for
sure
so I just I'm kind of uh I mean I know
I'm a weirdo I know I'm different than
other people right you know thank God I
don't know why I always tried to be
normal and it just never worked
nobody's funny as you is ever gonna be
normal so I guess not thank you so much
yeah I one time thought that but it's
quite a lesson to get public censored
mm-hmm yeah and it still goes on and is
that show still in the air without you
uh yeah how's it doing oh I don't know
why don't you pay attention oh well I
kind of do now but I don't know I mean
not really I don't but I don't know some
people called me and told me to look for
something so I did yeah yeah um you
could do a podcast very easily and I
think if you did it would be awesome it
would be awesome because you know what
after they kicked me off TV and said I
was a threat to America and everything
they called you a threat to America well
something like that
that's right to Hollywood
that's right everything's a threat to
Hollywood right now I mean it seems to
be crumbling at the foundations isn't it
great
it's horrible to so great well I love
movies so I'm bummed out but the movies
all suck well avatar - I'm very excited
about my guitar I was pretty fucking on
ah I that's my favorite John wick is my
favorite movie with my awesome I was
just at a Tarrant tactical today where
they trained John wick we're doing the
pistol course shit real yeah yeah yeah
Kanto Reeves trained John wick they
trained Keanu Reeves his pictures of him
there yeah training I've seen videos of
him training there - it's really cool
how cool is he he's a really sweet guy
he seems like the nicest guy of all time
it just seems like so down to earth
and normal like almost to normal you
know that's why he can play John wick oh
yeah you totally buy it I love how he
does it without any emotion you're like
my boyfriend said he'd rather die and be
tortured to death and to watch anything
Hollywood makes he hasn't seen a movie
in years watch it on work I told him
that because he's a he's a like animal
activist naw he's real that guy right
he's real like fucker lied to me
he voted large you do Jill Stein phone
he lied to me and tell me is one for
Trump and now it says fucker lied but
anyway disease meat
no no meat at all he it's a little fish
in fish but I said you would love John
wick I'm telling you he got I go he
kills everyone because they killed his
dog and that's the greatest line of all
time you killed and he goes what I could
almost get into that Tiffany make fits
Henry
she's a screenwriter and writes uh you
know movies like that with her partner
and I'm like can't you make a killer
granny script for me cuz I'm gonna have
the gun you know like Death Wish with
frozen yes right why not death away yes
the Jewish word did not come into the
house listen here young man
whoa I'm already scared why grandma
grandma curse based whoa whoa that
father my grandma she didn't like my dad
oh no he didn't like her neither really
he said it's right here say hey call
your grandma up in the winter he said go
call your bubby up and tell her to come
to the house and visit you kids and tell
her to walk down the side where the
icicles are so I could crawl out on the
roof
and fucking a hammer and it will fall
down and pierce your brain whoa you
heard this kind of shit when you were a
kid yeah it was all about that was
hilarious
yes what was wrong with your grandma
that he was so upset at her this is so
I'm assuming that was his wife's mom
yeah his wife's mom oh she was a bitch
there was no big thing on her boss she a
big bitch she owned her own apartment
house had 12 units she controlled
everyone's lives who lived within there
whoa
nobody would dare bark you know I like
ladies like that when I don't have to be
under their thumb yeah you know if I
like he just know them I don't think
it's fun she got a guy under her thumb
this was I want to write this as it to a
movie
hold it brief one of her tenants was a
guy at war golf shirt she'd never seen
that before
she's seen like one-legged fuckers in an
army fatigues you know in America
because this was in the ghetto where she
had her apartment house and right by the
bus station there that's how I grew up
but uh you know got under her thumb oh
yeah so he he's wearing these golf
shirts she's like Tyler what shared
thick Lithuanian accent Tyler waters in
garbage I can't do it golf shots he's
going to golf him
it's a classy guy you know I see kind of
guy classy customer so he made the
mistake of thinking she was a warm
person as many people make that mistake
with all Jewish women thinking they're
warm and loving people she wasn't well
she was but there was a dark side there
to die yeah so he tells her that he's a
fugitive uh-oh and that was her favorite
show at the time the fugitive the one
with the guy had one leg or something
one arm one arm when I'm right the few
shit Eve that was our show so he told
her tell her he was a few G so did she
turn him in to the cops
nope she moved him underneath her her
apartment Oh under I mean she was under
and she put him above and she hooked up
a bail on a rope that went into his
kitchen in her bed and if she goes ding
ding ding he had a government run and
give her a fuckin no no she was a Jewish
woman are you kidding my garbage came to
the street me I was hoping it was a
positive and thank you to cut the grass
I need you to go fix the toilet number 8
well once she finds out he's a fugitive
he's fucked yeah yeah so she goes so
anyway we're us kids was there he falls
in love with my mother who looked like
Elizabeth Taylor and so my mom you know
he's thinking that all her daughter
she'll help me out
she's working me to death this old bag
so my mom been that way too
she gets in on it I need you to come
over cut my grass and pretty soon his
job was to sit at our dinner table
between her and my dad and go hell and
this is the most delicious roast I've
ever tasted in my life that was his job
yeah and my dad just sitting here like
yeah it's good she's like I make my
husband jealous too so it became psycho
and it goes on and on well that's 12 but
at the end of that summer he turned
herself in couldn't do it anymore huh
it was worse being into her prison yeah
the two of them oh my god then they got
in a family fight and tore at each
other's hair over this guy whoa
that was my upbringing good everything's
funny on hell your mom looked like
Elizabeth Taylor yeah she had a waist
god damn it I wished I had a waist
I got my dad's body he was a football
player and they called him Jerry barn
the boy built like a barrel barrel buddy
I totally got it and so I thought why I
was in Hollywood I would get like a girl
body
with some ass cheeks and a waist mm so
I'm still trying to work on that well
you mean like surgery wise don't ya like
the Kardashian family god I idolized
them they're out here you know they are
out here yeah yes I've seen them have
you ever looked at their ass right not
up not tight pull that microphone have
that's a problem with no headphones
forget I'm sorry yeah yeah I've seen
their ass firsthand in Beverly Hills I
was
I was through I never saw anything so
incredible in my life is like the eighth
wonder of the world
it was completely up there was no sag
whatsoever
right and I'm like I see I just had like
a crack in my back I never had I was
asked us in an ask based economy and I
was like oh my god but be like you're
never gonna get in my parents both
you're never gonna get a husband because
you're too fat and you have you know
thank you
you have no ass you have no waist you
need to work out you know whatever and
you have a big mouth and no guy will
ever like that obviously he was wrong
well I proved him wrong three assholes I
got a good one now you got a good one a
good man that's good for 18 years
beautiful he made it that's awesome I
don't know how he did it he hung in
there
he's like god damn so ever since you
went on that one antidepressant things
have been a lot nicer around here what
was the one you went on cymbalta is that
the newest one
no I'm yeah I've been on it for four
years I think I'd you know with this
whole thing I realized I go on too much
I talk too much like all old women no
you don't talk too much
just the the the problem is not the
talking the problem is the people
reacting to you're talking I like to see
people get lit yeah it makes them better
water got on you it's off program right
yeah eat it the problem is not what
you're saying it isn't no it's how I
promise people reacting to you
that's the
problem but absolutely yeah reaction
yeah but they're fools though the ones
who are freaking out and canceling this
and firing that they're just fools
didn't understand you it makes me think
of that song which you know I said fuck
it I don't care about it no more I'm
going to become the rock story that I've
always wanted to be and I'm gonna sing
that song and here's a song I'm not
gonna sing it right now but this was the
song that refers to all that I'm just a
soul whose intentions are good oh lord
please don't let me be misunderstood cuz
yeah life has its problems yeah I got my
share that's a great quote isn't it that
was great words on Eric Burdon what a
great artist you know we talked about on
the last podcast I think was really
important that people understand you
know I've been a fan of yours forever
and I know your story and I know what
happened to you when you were a little
girl when you get hit by a car and you
were in a mental institution for nine
months in other words and how it
completely affected the way think and
behave and I don't think people knew
that and this one it was a really
important thing for me to talk about
during the last podcast one of the
reasons why I wanted to get you in as
quick as we could people need to
understand what's happening here
what's happening there was a genius
comic who's also on ambien smoking pot
drinking Sen Alton and has legitimate
brain injury I do yes and I have mental
health issues I think a lot of that is
from nigel genetics but your brain
injury
well I uh I the problem is people
reacting to you they're reacting to you
like you're you're calling for people to
be assassinated or murdered or you're
you're you're yelling racial slurs in
the streets you're not doing any of
those things you know you're not that
person the reaction was so overblown and
then ABC who got so wacky and and
cancered you it was so foolish so
foolhardy and to try to change who you
were the reason why the goddamn show is
successful is because of who you were
and the fact that other people on the
show didn't have your political ideology
and he would argue with them and fight
with him and it's like real life
conflict like people know in their own
homes that relatable aspect of your show
was why I was number one so quickly and
why the old show was so great your
that's you and they tried to mold you to
these woke times and foolishly reacted
to the way you were talking as if you
you were doing something that was like
they change what you were doing and it
made it this horrific terrible thing
it's just it's all because I said that I
like Trump as soon as they heard that
you know a lot of cabal's here in
Hollywood that's all they needed to hear
it's like okay this joy she must be
destroyed
and I I did hear people say oh my god
I'm afraid she's gonna try to humanize
Trump yes the network I said yes I think
that and it's like what you mean Trump
voters is that who you're afraid is
gonna get huge fucking country I know
it's like such an elitist out-of-touch
view of humans that it's always offended
me it always offended me that they
didn't like their audience and I liked
the audience because I thought I'm from
there and they're familiar to me and I
vowed to myself I'm not going to
disrespect the audience yeah and I never
did and I never did sellout neither like
so everybody you know there will come a
day I believe when you know no there
won't
who knows what the fuck will happen who
knows who knows what the fuck's in hell
yeah inside my own head though I've I
guess I've made peace with it it was
like the worst horrible thing I've ever
gone through
my friend Tiffany she says she says that
this might be the beginning of the
valuing of an artist rather than the
diva because it was the lowest point of
ever devaluing an artist and an artist's
work she says so maybe now it's turned
around and and the artists will be you
know better respected for what they
bring I hope so because I mean they were
even pulling years old show all the
things yeah which is just fucking
ridiculous that's kind of what killed
the comedy thing for me is that I was
also told that one more one more
me getting in trouble one more time I
wouldn't have my reruns in
more and I live on that you know Jesus
Christ so that's kind of what killed
that so that kills Danny's idea of
coming out and do I ask for I asked for
it to be defined I said could I have a
definition of what offensive means right
to you right and I said you know what it
means that I said could you would
discuss it with my lawyers no you know
what it means what does it mean I don't
know know what this is the problem could
mean you fart or something sometime I
mean these people that think people are
rude are the rudest fucking assholes on
earth they're the most insensitive the
people that think they're so sensitive
they're instant yeah do you think they
think they're doing the right thing I do
too because I don't think they ever get
to hear anybody like me say you're not
doing the right thing I know that's why
it's up to us to go you guys um think
things through a little bit more I'm I'm
not condemning anybody I'm not that kind
of person I think we need more
conversations absolutely we need the
best dinner parties till all these
self-righteous fuckin progressives
ruined that
starting with my own family on Passover
when we were celebrating the Jews
they've been fucking Egypt and I had
this horrible cousin I can't even
remember his name and he goes well maybe
and he had long hair
well maybe we should shouldn't be
celebrating the death of all the
Egyptians the stories about and then
we'd have like fistfight fuck out you
know and I'd always be the one going can
we just get back to the story let's get
back to the story always someone looking
to be offended by some aspect of any
story I'm offended every fucking day of
my fucking life how goddamn stupid
people are goddamn they can't be more
offensive to me right now than ever has
been before I'm about ready to get out
there and tell people what in the fuck
like that has hit me many times in my
life there's been times I got out of my
car to chase after a mother or two the
way I seen her treating her kid I'd do
it high boots on the ground I I'm not no
I'm not I'm not a trifling sort trifling
is a strong word for white person use
I've only said that it's like it's a
next-door neighbor to the N word like
trifling no it's not Jews use it we use
it - but it's like it seems when a guy
uses it that's a white guy when I grew
up we lived right next door to
african-americans you know we we lived
out where everybody lived together you
know there wasn't any nobody I'd got to
the suburbs yet we lived mid-city and we
had all kind of people down there at the
bus station where we lived
triflin is just a great word it is a
good word it should come back but it's
just white people using it always sounds
awkward but white women can pull it off
for some exchange such a good word just
great like I mean what would you say
wallowing in filth
maybe that's doesn't that what does it
mean wad wallow and fill I think it more
means like you're a fool
you're like a moron living a stupid
fuckin petty life right unimportant or
trivial trivial you know that's the
perfect trivial I told that wallowing in
filth or pandering so much better than
trivial a hand during - I love that word
pandering is common amongst cowards
there's a lot of cowards a lot of
cowards today yeah they are they're
cowards but you can't blame them cuz you
know they got drugs dad some shit you
don't want to be attacked no they don't
and they have every right to be that way
I mean I am like this is just before the
Jewish holidays you are young people
where I have to repent anyway what he
repented for all the bad shit I did this
last year that I enjoyed I don't repent
for this shit I had to do right but the
stuff I did cuz I enjoyed seeing
somebody squirm what'd you do enjoyed
seeing somebody squirm oh I had don't
say anything I just had the last word in
personal really that kind of shit and in
the larger world - go for the yes I'm
just trying to be a forgiving person and
so I'll be forgiving
and I do ask to be forgiven and I by
apologizing I'm I am sorry that I made
even one embarrassing day for anyone who
gave me the chance to come on TV and
make a number-one show and to all those
who am i embarrassed I am very sorry and
I I think that I think I owe that and
and I feel it and I I I am sorry for you
know allowing myself to become unwell
mentally because I worked so hard I
didn't look out for myself I didn't take
the vitamins I didn't take the shots we
talked about that too and your
difficulty sleeping and then taking
seeds I've been so rough ambien for
since that happened fantastic yes that's
excellent I take Melanie melatonin
really good that's really good advice I
mean really good news I'm very happy to
hear that shit out of me I haven't done
any weird things
I mean you that tweet was just one of
them oh yeah no I know I follow you on
twitter I would see the tweet storm
black Roseanne's on one oh yeah my
daughter goes you've got to stop with
the ambien tweets mother before you lose
everything for us whoa that's hard for
us worried I'll get even
I get what my grandson's I'm like okay
you guys I think this now and I thought
this then you just need an advocate who
understands you that's all you needed
you needed it back then and you know I
needed not to be totally drained of
vitamin b12 because the side effect is
psychosis that's a good so I I believe
that I was in a psychosis because the
doctor goes you have okay good news I go
to this guy what is it Cedar sinai good
news you have no vitamin you let it go
too long because you know I'm in Hawaii
I don't keep up with my infusions
vitamins I have to take do you take IV
infusions
yeah yeah - II do that I take them about
every three months because I can't
process iron because of your stomach
yeah yeah yeah that fucking operation
yeah oh I'm glad I got it a ride way 902
pounds right now
yeah those stomach operations they mess
with your body's ability to absorb
nutrients right yeah I can't absorb
nothing is that the old way these two do
it like do they have it better now
better no no now they're just do a lap
band right right right it's not just -
Jennifer Hudson said I had the old one I
don't know she think they shrink your
stomach right they cut it I heard all I
heard Beyonce got one - did you hear
that she's never been fat well I
wouldn't that what you heard I heard I
heard all the stuff of who got why
though he's got a perfect body I can't
imagine I know she's gorgeous yeah I
heard she had it I heard she had a yeah
what do they call it that the laptop and
I bet someone's hatin that's what I bet
I bet someone's hatin I bet she never
had anything actually said it all on the
table I put it all on the table that
someone's hatin oh yeah wait why would
you be if you're a in great physical
condition like she's always been she
dances she does so much physical stuff
that if she got a lap band it would fuck
with her body that's what I think I
think you don't believe it but they are
saying that they who's the other one
myself who are these people that are
called a oh the lap band can be renewed
at that ladies always at a perfect body
she is so perfect when Vice what's that
saw her voice isn't crazy but the
dancing that song if you like it did you
better put a ring remember that with all
those girls dancing her body's insane
it's always been saying
she's got superior genetics
yes she does oh my god she's so pretty
to us but does that does no way she has
a lap band I would it all my money fuck
oh sure okay
fuck you hi thank you okay I have to jam
your wideness I just don't think she
would why would she ever get that
operation she was if she was like really
big and then she got small that's when
people get suspicious but she was never
big well she was big when she was
pregnant she is pregnant but a lot of
people get baby when they get pregnant
they shrink back down
what's what's her name they're really
hot blonde lady with a large Tatas
Jessica Simpson she just lost 100 pounds
she did yeah she got pregnant had a baby
got real big got up to 240 whoa
I was 240 hmm oh yeah you can you can do
some damage at 2:40 oh you can fuck
people up but now she's 140 good for her
defer her battles good for her she had
another baby yeah she did I think she
just diet and exercise you know did it
right no laughs god damn I hate hearing
that lie counter it what is it what
social Intel you just need the right
people around you Rosanna god damn it
that's all it is cause I have his
Wildcats and Johnny well you got me
Johnny Oh Marone Johnny talks to cats as
he not only talks to them he knows what
they're saying do you go that far
no I don't think I know my cat saying Oh
Johnny does yeah who knows what they're
saying I think my cats ain't pet me
come on bro give me a massage Johnny
goes like this she's saying hi wolves
and will you come with me please
pinky we shall fish that's why we know
she's not that's you that's not the
cat's probably thinking that I'd like to
get pet and have some fish yeah I think
most cats think that either pretty
simple creatures I think they think
leave me the F alone there's a little
bit of that yeah you ever see a kitten
stalk like a bird yes it's crazy
yeah they know right from the beginning
that intelligence is its DNA they note I
was watching a kid it's not something
you get when you watch TV it's like
there's no intelligence right you gotta
be out there well it's their loss yeah
cats know oh I'm a wuss oh us yeah you
got to be out there you got to move
around you can't be confined that human
beings are products of experience and I
think we need a lot of experiences I
think we need experiences all the time I
think you need to travel you talk to
different people you need to try
different things it's one the reason why
I wanted to go to this gun range today I
mean I've shot guns before but I don't
really
how to do it right oh you don't know no
I would see that's what made all and
Benjamin mad at me because I he's
because I called him a name I shouldn't
use that word but because you know he's
doing all that farming stuff well I'm
doing the farming too and I have farm
vehicles okay and he does not have that
or any rifles or anything so I kind of
called him a post bag but he thinks I'm
onto the microphone he thinks I may be
mentioned for other reasons but no it's
just like man if you're gonna go do this
you got to get yourself you know one of
these four-wheel-drive here's like I got
with the rifle and you know if you're
gonna do the job yeah why do you know
rifle when you're farming over fur for
killing wild pigs I told you I got
nothing but wild pigs over there well
you're in Hawaii yeah oh yeah my friend
Shane started hunting because he was
farming and the wild page destroy all of
his vegetables yeah they do some of
these fuckers are like Volkswagens oh
they're crazy yeah it is crazy they
don't have no limits I mean they're like
politicians I've noticed the huh any
limit like they want not only what they
got but what you got to they don't stop
you put barriers up to them and they
keep pushing and going under around pigs
are designed to survive I mean they're
ruthless in terms of their ability to
survive they they have many litters a
year yeah a litter they have multiple
piglets right and they can get pregnant
as early and start breeding at six
months
I know six months in there having their
own babies and then six months later
their babies having babies that's
exactly what there are millions and
millions of minutes ago were taken out
what was it 30 pigs a month but they're
great eating oh I don't eat pigs I don't
know I I don't eat animals either you
know too much unless they're really cute
if they're cute enough ah later oh
that's a cute thing no I I don't know
because I'm old and you know meat just
sits there for a while
so is it because of the stomach
operation is well yeah I do better just
come for me
when Ralphie may had that operation he
had the same sort of operation he
couldn't eat meat
it was crazy because Ralphy was an
amazing cook and Ralphy would invite us
over for barbecues and he couldn't eat
it he had any vegetables like they
wouldn't sit with him it really fucked
with his stomach so these incredible
ribs and brisket and everything like
that we would all eat it and Ralphie
couldn't eat it was creme but he loved
cook yeah it sucked yeah I wrote a part
for him in a show and his sweet guy he
was wasn't he is it a comedy demon or a
drug or alcohol demon or is it all the
same this is a food you know I mean
people have demons like everybody's got
their own little weird thing
what's your demon it's probably anger
yeah me too I mean I grew up yeah
involved in violence and and martial
arts and stuff when I was really little
I think I developed that way and I got
good at figuring out how to channel that
and then when you stop doing that the
difficulty for a lot of people is
figuring out how to turn it off you know
that's that's that's the the demon and I
think that is the whole thing right now
it was like being able to control your
temper when you're pushed but you are
way way way way way way better at it
wait it's like everything else like if
you learn comedy in the beginning when
you're an open mic oh you're terrible
but then you're 20 years in you're a
master right you know how to kill that's
the same thing with being a person I got
better at being a person I just think
you get it just got to understand your
own mind better I started meditating I
spent a lot of time in the isolation
tank I do a lot of yoga I smoke a lot of
weed I mean all those things are good
weed makes I don't know what it does to
other people but for me it makes me nice
it makes me friendly I want to hug
people
me too I want good things to happen to
them it gives me a sense of community
like it really means that that's what it
means to me it opens some kind of
channel in my head to where the big the
big we comes in mm-hmm the big awesome
all together yeah community it's not a
drug that is an isolation drug like a
drug that makes you want to look this is
all for me
the one and I'm the fucking man it's
like the opposite it makes you humble I
mean that's part of what people call
paranoia the paranoia that you get from
weed
I think it's an understanding of your
place in the universe that you're kind
of denying most people are denying cuz
they're so self focused they're focused
on their own life and their own
objectives and what they're trying to
accomplish and how they want other
people to look at them and then you
smoke the pot and you're like oh my god
this is crazy we're on a ball it's
hurling through infinity there's a giant
fireball in the sky like all this is
nothing you live for a certain amount of
time and nobody really figures out why
they're here you're all just scrambling
trying to find meaning and then it's
over yeah then what happens then do you
come back as a baby and try all over
again as if some people believe some
people Eve you go to another dimension
you know some people believe that you
know you live the exact same life over
and over and over and over again until
you get it right yeah I know I've heard
all those I'm trying to get it right I
would love that I would love for this be
the one that I figure out but maybe I've
lived a million of these lives and this
life even though I still fuck up all the
time I'd love for this one to be the
life that I do my best in well it's not
gonna be I'm sorry it's not gonna happen
what did I do wrong because you didn't
do nothing though it's not that you
can't say you did anything wrong it's
you know you're on your journey ah but
how do you know that this isn't like the
best version of you left Wow maybe
you're better next time around but this
this time I'd like to do my best
I'd like to do better than the last time
if that's a real thing I give if that's
the way to look at life that you are
living this exact same existence over
and over and over again that's what deja
vu is that's what all these intuitions
that you have all these feelings that
you have when you meet someone you know
that person's supposed to be in your
life you know this guy's a great friend
you're just meeting them like you have
weird feelings like that the universe
sort of tells you certain things about
certain people if you're if you're
really paying attention and you're
really honest and objective we all have
fragments of memory yes that come and go
yeah sometimes over Bambara you know I
had Kat know who's how to chase after
like well the cat is something in that
cat's DNA we have that too we just have
it in different ways we have it for our
ability to understand what people are
deceptive we have our ability to avoid
insects and spiders and snakes and
certain things that we know are
dangerous like a meat
like I that's why I believe people have
when people have like arachnophobia when
they have like an unnatural fear of
spiders they probably have some distant
memory in their DNA or either someone
they know dying for themself almost
dying or maybe their them even dying you
know it might be a fragment of I think
about this and talk about it all the
time with friends you know it might be a
fragment of a memory of when you were an
iguana
it might because we're always gonna go
back to the connection you know that's
our root
I was the root chakra is an amoeba a
single-cell organism right it's in our
body and it just replicated a lot so
each one of those things have the same
kind of makeup that intelligence moves
well you're a collection of things right
yeah but not just all of ourselves and
all of our DNA we all saw this weird
bacteria floating around in our body and
it's keeping us alive and keep it
healthy and some people say that
bacteria is telling us a story like yeah
I know it's a big one because like okay
maybe the loop that goes through in your
mind which maybe this has something to
do with me being on ambien and have
being in a psychotic state when I
tweeted yeah maybe it was just something
something was playing that didn't make
all that much sense at the time when
you're taking all that stuff you're
taking all that stuff orally right yeah
and all that stuff is getting broken
down in your gut yeah it's fucking with
your personality it fucks with that yeah
they say that your gut your microbiome
actually affects your personality right
because it's given you the thought
yeah and it's informing your thoughts
also sometimes people are inflamed and
irritated and that changes their
personnel right and to have a healthy
body or a healthy microbiome and all
that just a healthy system it affects
your personality and probably I guess
you're really healthy you're in a good
mood all the time that's a good way of
looking isn't that weird oh it's true
though I'm always striving for that
because you know I I'm in sometimes then
I'm in a good mood I'd say most of the
time I'm in a good mood these days but I
don't ever want to fuck with the bad
mood but you know when you're
bipolar run bipolar amongst a million
other fucking thing what is that mental
illness and your average bear
remember yogi the bear I do remember I
got more mental illness and you can
shake a stick at
yo it was hard to live with it but look
what does bipolar exactly mean well we
use we used to call it Moody
yes swinging manic states right yes we
up and down yeah one minute you're this
and next minute you're that but even
more protracted as like well you're in a
good mood for months and then it's that
you know what they say that straw that
broke the camel's back oh that's kind of
Klu one that you might be bipolar a guy
so in the back of the camel breaks and
you just let our up if you can't control
it anymore and things you didn't even
think you were holding back come out you
know if you don't have the right way of
processing emotion you know it's such
extremes and then you followed the
extremes through with action like go in
someplace and you know then have them to
go with some other place it's terrifying
mental illness is really terrifying I
think maybe this whole thing is gonna
move me to start talking more honestly
about it because I think of all the
conversations in America that's the most
needed it's a very important
conversation and it's also very
important that we have empathy towards
people with mental health because we
have empathy towards people with other
ailments right if someone has liver
cancer we don't go oh fix your liver you
fucking idiot yeah well you know why out
here getting sick but if you have mental
issues it affects the way communicate
with people and we think it's your fault
like if you have a bad knee no one says
why can't you run up the hill you
fucking moron yeah but but if you have
something wrong with your brain we just
assume it's your fault it's a real bad
thing it's a bad habit that people have
particularly people that don't have
mental health they're such bullies well
they don't understand that it could
happen to you it could happen to anybody
I mean I bet but the bullying the
mentally ill is so much a part of what's
going on in our culture right now too
abandoning them and interests in the
streets well that's a giant
no no cher actually brought it up she
was talking about I'm sure she was
talking about them talking about
immigration discussing immigration she
goes that's fine and good but we have
60,000 mentally ill homeless people
wandering through the streets of Los
Angeles alone 60,000 I mean that's a
good-sized small town and it's filled
filled with drug addicts and people with
psychotic breaks and all sorts of other
mental illness yes I met a kid the other
day I always talk to the mentally ill
because you know it's partly that
they're so uh oh I forget the words
Louie uses it you know yeah well they're
so disenfranchised and ignored then they
become invisible yes and then they
retreat totally into their psychosis yes
and so they can't be reached so bright
yeah I always do on my favor just to
make eye contact and say have a nice day
or well you're doing him a big healing
favor but I met this kid he was about 20
and in his eyes L black that white of
his eye and I'm like what happened your
eye he goes I got it tattooed I go how
did you possibly sit and let them put
tattoo needle in the wider your eye nine
hundred and fucking fifty thousand times
and he goes because I have a deep fear
of anything going in my eye I've always
had that fear and so this was my way to
overcome it I go dude you know cousin
people when do they start tattooing
their eyeballs well you know really
obsessive compulsive English and you're
trying to get over one fear by you know
running through the fear and making it
happen to you and a lot of us do that
you know I guess I may be in my
psychosis I might have had a fear of you
know being a symbol of so much to so
many I think it crumbled me they kept
saying that they kept trying to make me
be a symbol of something yeah and I
guess I am I have anything I just want
to be a symbol for you know good jokes
there shouldn't be no censorship on good
jokes do you think that like the
pressure of
and of stardom of stuff contributes to
this feeling that you you know you you
worry about the the role that you have
you know you worry about people being
upset at you you worry about it and
almost like it comes out from that oh
can I fuck yeah I'm celebrating sober
October Roseanne so I'm very good can I
have yours
sure okay what sweet I don't wanna drag
plenty of wheat here it's good Jamie's
not celebrating sober October three
years in a row I know I like it I think
it's good it's good to cleanse out the
old wipes every now and I'm sober for
almost a year off pot yeah till recently
wonder ones one drag is good that's the
right amount gives just elevates you a
little bit gives you a little lift but
uh I tied one on the day before sober
October with Sturgill Simpson and I I
don't remember even what we were talking
about while we were talking it's just
some fun to talk and exchange ideas and
feel that nobody's hanging over you to
send you to fucking prison yes what the
fuck is that
that can't happen here we can't let that
happen we can't let that happen but
there's a progression right well we're
gonna have to confront Google and
YouTube obviously and I think they are
getting confronted I think everybody's
getting it don't you I think a lot of
people are getting confronted about
those kind of things and they need to
hear me or you and thousands of us
frankly say hey you guys bring it back
little come on bring it back to the
middle well or it makes common sense
where it makes helmets yeah because this
ain't no sense to this I think when
Trump got elected a lot of people use
that as an excuse like that it was like
a green light for them to enforce their
own ideology they're like look this is a
bad thing we're deeply distraught like
one of the CEOs of Google one of the
main executives at Google was talking
about that recently about how distraught
they were at the election and that what
a terrible result it was like and they
were you know looking at their own role
in elections because that is a thing
that social media has now people that
that openly discuss and
porter candidate or deny kennedy and
this is what tulsi gabbard suing for is
that they denied her youtube searches
they did something to censor her ability
to get her message out well I think that
people what they're doing is they're
digging and they're going back to whose
fund funding hoop right and I kind of
support that because I don't think that
I want to give my money to anybody who
takes money from terrorists yes why
would I want to pay for somebody to kill
me
of course Americans don't want that yeah
could that make don't make no common
sense no that doesn't make any sense why
are they putting waste next to schools
why why are companies burying waste next
to public schools cuz they can get away
with it where's the public yeah how come
the public is factored out of all public
life including where the tables were
public money is apportioned there's not
one public there that's why I ran cuz I
want to be a John Q public I'll be that
guy who was putting waste next to
schools look it up yeah look it up in
New York in New York that everybody gets
a payoff Jill don't act like you're so
fuckin like school yard everybody's
getting a fucking pay off to fucking do
whatever the hell they can get away with
doing something they're not getting in
trouble for it
they're unpunished unindicted don't you
look at it and what is this what what
but everybody said you know I don't know
anymore
it's like how come they're getting away
with this shit why are they getting away
with lying any of them who's who's
getting away with lying all of them
who's them oh fucking world it's a lie
it's a lie pieced together with fucking
bullshit it doesn't make any sense cuz
it's not supposed to make sense it's
senseless and stupid well it's all
people that's part of the problem is
that human beings are seriously fucking
flawed and there's nothing but human
being
in the world of humans it's all flawed
people running around trying to make
sense of this thing
here's how it's got to go okay okay it's
all about grandmother's take your power
grandmothers yes every grandmother in
this country is responsible I figure for
between 15 to 100 people a woman who
lives that long and keeps her family
around her that's exactly what happens
and it's the truth of it so I call that
a community you know depending on where
they are geographically for that
community in the words of Malcolm X why
I ran for president on that party it
needs to create community health and
community sovereignty and community
what's the word work it just keeps going
momentum and now it I can't think of the
word but it's a kind of farming where
it's just like it feeds itself itself
generating do you know what I mean mmm
the economy of that particular community
is self generated good bread since the
pineapples you grow you sell at you the
market run or that kind of thing but the
sustainable sustainable thank you I
couldn't think of that word getting old
sucks man
bones the worry men you know you vented
a good word what was it again
synchronous synchronous HS yes we're
gonna use that one that's we're doing
that which I do that in Hawaii where we
we create we create not an artificial
economy but a barter economy and of
course it's all based on land as is all
wealth and because you can grow shit and
feed people and that's what matters so
the biggest problem facing us as humans
is how do we get the food in front of
the hungry kids that's our problem but
we go to all this other shit rather than
that so we need to start over
get grandmother's in charge every
grandmother there'll be a community
grandmother's organization all based on
the nation of Iroquois which was how the
United States was actually founded
because Benjamin Franklin was a fan of
the Iroquois people and the way they ran
their government which was
run by a grandmother's council and
that's what he invented the thirteenth
you know they came up with the 13
colonies united because it was 13 tribes
and the Iroquois were the judge but
didn't you just get done telling us
about how evil your grandmother was well
she was good but she was like money
hungry you know yes she is a really good
person shit well I'm I'm kind of like
well for America we mean get down here
check out my shit oh no I'm not I think
people should be paid fairly yes that's
what I learned from that is like god
damn you know he would have done all
that and more if you had incentivized
him yeah incentivized but it's true yeah
he had a good heart and they ran him
into the town that ain't good see that
ain't self-sufficient right you got a
stop for your own everything
it ain't sustainable are you ruin it and
keep it going
so have you completely given up you man
I know you're gonna go on tour with dice
I did it already
you did it how many dates you guys do to
just that's it yeah you're done well
well we're done for now hold no I can't
take it no do you live here and Hawaii
or do you just live in Hawaii I live
here Hawaii and a few other places but
when you're done constant why don't you
come to the store the Comedy Store yeah
you know I get so nervous about it and I
mean I know these depends and they are
not holding it back next level and then
I will get so fucking nervous
well me listen I'll take you in there
I'd be happy to
yeah yeah for sure well any time you
want
really yes I'm afraid of that audience
no wonder they are they all progressives
I hold a song I wanna bust a few fucking
fistfight with most people are just
people they're got my kids they're still
progressive it fucking pissed me off so
bad well they're probably good people
they want to do the right thing and they
think that's the way to do the right
thing
you know that's fuck the car
footprint I'm old fucking I will you
know what I mean
fuck it I left a huge one I'm not gonna
back off now the promised everything
leaves a cardan foot carbon footprint
including organic farming I know that's
what I'm finding out in Hawaii
every night's are just fuckin sell in my
farm well I think as time goes on with
solar power and batteries and battery
life getting extended to technology
they're gonna figure out better ways to
do a lot of the things they're doing now
but regenerative farming is really
important you know if especially a place
like where you have well you have
control of the land you know there's a
lot of methods that you could use to do
all sorts of things to grow your own
food out there the thing that's so great
about Hawaii is it has so much oh Christ
I kept diversity in the people and their
crops yes and you know that keeps
everything really healthy we have to
yeah and we have so many we have you
know so many Asian people that they
really do have a unique it's not like my
way at thinking it's kind of Jewish but
then at the end it goes it's very
utilitarian mmm I don't know I like the
way they design things especially the
new farming things that I'm seeing on
the island
well the vibe of the island and you're
on the Big Island but I love all the
islands but the vibe of Hawaii in
general is just like this very
interesting vibe because it's it's
friendly and nice but proud and strong
and they know they have a really
beautiful unique place and they have a
really incredible history yeah the
people that were so bold that they got
in these small handmade boats thousands
of years ago and made their way through
the goddamn ocean can you believe that I
mean you know they had their balls in
the water to find out which way the tide
is going yes I mean yes that right there
is so great yeah because that shows that
men have a total purpose kill because I
mean what is it telling them that
they're what is it telling them well
explain floating when this is no moment
when there was no wind and there was no
current or there was no visible waves
they would put their balls in the water
to
which way the current was going because
it will feel it on their balls that's
why they did it
that is so fucking helpful to the human
race the other balls we got to Hawaii
yeah I mean they got to the most
beautiful place on earth and they did it
people are mad in Hawaii over that movie
Moana which is my favorite movie I've
seen 10 times well some of them were mad
the activist sort when they said is
Wyatt no I know no he's uh he's uh he's
Pacific Islander okay
but anyway but I'm up in Hawaii right I
can't remember the believe he did oh
well whatever he's fuckin gorgeous and
since Jason Mennella fuck Momoa yeah god
damn it anyway so every I guess unreal
that is pulchritude yeah that's male
pulchritude right there some cheesecake
at beefsteak at pulchritude it's like
whoa would you like to see them bare
naked have you been paying attention to
the controversy about building that new
telescope in Hawaii
oh of course I prayed against it did you
it came to me you know this is something
that shouldn't be told so I'll tell it
and I said don't worry about it sis I'm
putting in the Jew the Jew two cents on
this here you don't want them to build
the telescope well not on the peoples
holy place so I went out there and I
done some prayers for direction and it
stopped three days later and now it's
back on but all the people went up there
but I like to say to the people I'm glad
you got the telescope I say this never
hates me it's okay but I just have to
say maybe maybe the telescope which will
be the new eye to behold the entire
universe which will create like such a
different kind of a human mind forever
maybe that should be there I don't know
well that's in terms of where it sits in
the world well it's where Pele is right
that's where Pele was born and the
Hawaiian people they say they believe
that they came out of that man
you know and that that's their gym
that's that's their what do you call
their their Genesis mm-hmm is that
particular Mauna Kea mother mountain so
they don't want anything built on that
maybe there's some sort of a compromise
because the the idea of that place is
that it's in a very unique place on
earth do view the cosmos have you been
to the Keck Observatory I've never gone
there because I you know I should it's
amazing it's amazing the view up there
my grandkid changes your your your place
like your idea of your place in the
world the first time I saw it
we're so visual beings yes that you know
what changed me are those round think
the round films about the Wall of China
seen that and those uh whatever those
places are those theaters IMAX
yeah oh I'm talking about yeah those
gigantic theaters where everything's
around you yeah you get to see it
visually yeah well the Keck ii-i've been
do it a few times but one time I caught
it perfectly where there was no moon out
and the sky was clear and it was
unbelievably beautiful
you see the whole Milky Way see all the
stars the entire skies filled with stars
it didn't even seem real and it just
makes you feel like you're looking
through the windshield of a spaceship
flying oz balls well there's this app
you can get to that will chart the Stars
for you and it's so cool and if you hold
your phone up which I felt my pool and
you hold it and that you hold it up
there and you look and it's like yeah
yeah there's this yeah you know yeah I
can't remember I had a similar app maybe
it's the same there's this spot
constellation yeah yeah yeah yeah no
it's incredible it is incredible there's
not there's nothing like seeing yet all
of that pales when it comes to me
thinking about me it's funny it's so
incredible that's one of the things that
helps people think about their place in
the world when you see something as
magnificent and enormous as the Milky
Way and I do like all that you see the
Milky Way so clear that it doesn't even
look real
I'm only caught it like that once the
other two times that I want you to see
cancel everything the other two times
that I went it was still beautiful but
not as stunning as the one
time where I caught it one time I messed
up and I got there on as a full moon it
was a mess you couldn't hardly see
anything when the other time was really
cloudy it was hard to see but the one
time I saw it it was just oh to this day
I think back on it blows me away because
it really shifted you know in a real
tangible way the way I viewed people on
a planet in space it just it's
undeniable because it's so gorgeous and
so epic centering your eye and expanding
your whole mind yeah and that does
something to your big-ass program DNA
shit you know once the eye sees it and
takes it in it's like the image once the
image is digested you know the image you
know they say where does it stop being
that and become this Ryan you know all
that integration that's the word
integration yeah in the mind I think
that lack of ability to see that is one
of the things that's really screwed us
up more than anything about modern
civilization with all our lights our
street lights and city lights you can't
see the sky anymore when there's no
lights at all then you see all the stars
and then you realize like oh we're in
space we're in space like this is just
the nighttime I'm not just in Manhattan
looking at the sky no the we're in space
when you have a full blackout in a place
like Manhattan and also you look at this
guy like what is going on all these
stars have been here the whole time but
you could never see him light pollution
it's a terrible I never heard of put
like that light pollution is a terrible
thing that we've done we've denied
people the view of the most gorgeous
thing and all of the universe the
universe itself
there's no say they put up those lights
to help the homeless so you know they
don't get raped and murdered that's a
that's what San Francisco did sir
San Francisco did to help the homeless
there this just increased the lights
thanks Nance I mean it really helped
though you've gotta admit that really
helps so many people the lights yeah not
to get raped and stuff when they were
living in a pile of shit yeah and a few
broken needles there what am I getting
you seen it
I have what it's like it's like where
was that place we used to always talk
about in India oh yeah yeah Calcutta
it's fucking fall on yeah and it goes
four blocks and I just don't think that
in California that should be allowed
well it's way worse than it's ever been
before and it keeps getting worse my
friend what happened with those fires
how come they don't have any water what
was all that fire stuff well it was a
perfect combination of wind and dry
things and you know the long drought
that we have is a lot of dead trees yeah
burn through everything that was
terrible that's bad land management
don't you think there's certainly that
but there's also lack of resources you
know there's a lack of understanding
that something like that can happen
sometimes it takes something like that
to happen maybe that was hidden bottom
like Tiffany says and maybe now it's
going to come back up that'd be good if
it you know did the hourglass flip or so
okay we hit the bottom now and now let's
build back something good I'm better and
stronger you know just by talking to
each other more right because we could
come up with solutions and in every
community I I mean maybe I could do a
podcast and try to unite people but
there's so many things people could do
to help their community right now that
doesn't cost nothing and a lot of people
my age you know well they have some free
time I mean they're probably all
babysitting their grandkids like we all
are because their parents are working
but if you ask them free time in this
generation which happens to be the most
educated and the most the richest of
women that's ever been maybe maybe you
could put some time towards doing
something that help the children in your
community yeah we could start that like
in little pods all over the place you
know and then we could all report to
each other the data so we can make it
bigger and more connected yeah I haven't
seen anybody that has a real solution
for the homeless problem in LA or even a
solution I haven't heard one thing that
makes any sense
people are saying they're gonna do them
Walmart's like that on the internet I
saw it
Walmart's yeah the mall marks are gonna
house the homeless that's what I saw
good so it's gonna be a crash and
there's gonna be a lot of people losing
their homes again
they're gonna have to go to Walmart's
and live live in Walmart's like Walmart
and camps I can't what you mean yeah the
whole thing the whole unit really yeah
like you know where they put people who
come here and they have to house a lot
of people you know like they did after
Katrina in the Super Bowl I mean that
the house a lot of people after
catastrophes okay I'm at catastrophe
causes homelessness yes that has to be
addressed right the future right like
what about right now the problem the
homeless problem right now how would
anybody fix that sixty thousand people
just in LA how do you fix that
well a lot of people do this a lot of
people that I know actually go and meet
one homeless person and tried to help
that one person and take them into their
homes these are people who are wealthy
and you know the aunt and they you know
help them clean up and go to school and
people are doing things like that
individually and it works well the
problem I think those mental illness and
drug addiction and you know most people
don't
first they're gonna have to get off
drugs right but most people don't have
enough time to babysit another adult
human being and try to guide them
through this life well some of us like
to stick our nose in other people's
business and get involved too I'm wanted
I'm an old Jew I love it and I love
telling people just exactly what I think
they should do to better themselves and
you know what I've done it a lot and
it's worked every time never had one
failure you never I'd myself on that
telling someone what to do you mean hell
yes
really yep you never had one to myself
we told someone except myself so you
about it giving yourself advice I'm
going to other people yep I know exactly
what should be done to help people turn
their life around I've done it a lot and
it's always worked some were just
assholes oh right like Tom you know when
you sober up a guy he's you know a sober
asshole I mean a drunk asshole can
sometimes become a sober asshole and
there's not much difference and people
should be very aware of that
particularly women just being sober out
on me shit it's what do they do
don't matter to me like in my act I want
to say good evening ladies and gentlemen
you know who you are
you know because I don't care what you
look like or nothing that's what you do
and how you act toward me have your
night nice to me not gonna be nice to
you
how was the tour when you were touring
with dice I know you you you went on
stage with him in Vegas that's what I've
heard about it you brought me back from
the dead and as you plan on going up
that night no no he told me to and I was
like oh my god no and I I went in the
bed and I had like 40 nervous breakdowns
I called everyone I knew and you know
hardly anyone takes my calls anymore
really yeah cuz they're like stop you
know cuz I obsess over and over and over
and over
should I go on I don't know if I should
go on I don't I think I wouldn't be able
to do it if I get really so you think I
should go I don't think I could do it I
can't go on yeah he talked to you like a
big brother to me I love that guy I
never had a big brother you know I was
the big sister I said come down here you
only have to do five and I'm gonna sit
on the stage behind you so how much
better can that get during his show oh
yeah you can't go wrong and he worked it
out to where it would look like it was
just happening right we had rehearse at
her for you diver we well received the
people in the audience loved it and then
this tour it was so wonderful it was a
it was a fucking boatload of fun oh my
god I had so much fun a lot of my
friends came where she goes the audience
was great we went somewhere in Long
Island and somewhere in Atlantic City
and the audience was great and they they
were very kind to me and I had a blast I
have to say I was I really got to unload
all the shit of people I hate who I hate
and why I own I did an hour oh wow
usually I do 90 but you know we
Sharon so I'm like good I'm happy to do
an hour and and then dice came out and
you know it was like that guy I didn't
you know how he is just he's a fucking
master at what he does
fucking guy I can't believe it I mean
the level of performance because I was
I'm like this man was that I've had
right I'm a bit okay but he's over there
you know I he gets into it yeah like a
rock star yeah and you know it was they
loved him they you know it was a mostly
man
the couple jokes I had about feminism it
was silent it was a silent because I
have this one girl kit usually kills her
I go I've talked about Caitlyn Jenner
they got she got the you know she went
full chest Bruce Jenner went full Chaz
Bono and now he's Caitlyn Jenner she's
Caitlyn Jenner and she she went full
Chaz Bono Wow a little different I mean
Chaz she had the added dictum II but
about know that's the name and but it's
way harder go from a man to a woman
because of it they do they take in this
room they tell you this table they come
in there and they cut your pay in half
and it wasn't one laughs not one they
show laughed piss me off so you did too
and that's it we did you and then dice
goes okay well let's let's digest let's
see you know after the winter is over if
we want to do more or let's do more
because neither of us wants to go
anywhere in the winter we're both Jewish
I suppose everyone to think he's Italian
babies very Jewish Andy Andrew
silverstein Saperstein silverstein I
know it's a pristine is it yeah it's how
pristine really yeah and you SAP okay
yeah
but who knows I could be wrong I can't
remember anything yeah you could be
right too though I think all right so
he's he's a genius at performance level
490 fuckin minutes ya know I've always
state of the art yeah so he's um he's
like back he's great yes in here right
he just moved to New York he's getting
so much work oh really
he actually took apartment in New York
I'm like eh you better have two bedrooms
and I might crash there because he's fun
to do you know he's doing a lot of
stand-up yeah his whole new thing about
is the mature view of the same guy you
know like datin the same girls as his
sons and stuff that's good stuff that's
funny that's awesome but I might move to
New York too cuz you know if somebody's
got a shake something up
no and I feel like shaking something up
and then I get very tired just go to
Hawaii but you know I just the thing I
must he want to shake up is comics be
brave stick up for each other now if you
guys had stock up more for me I think it
would have stopped but you ignored it
cuz you're like well she is hold bitch
anyway she's done a lot of fucking
stupid shit I think sometimes when the
shit hits the fan with certain people
other folks get nervous it's gonna come
at them if they defend you of course but
you know now they're starting it's real
weird to see a turnaround like Piers
Morgan you know he he was quick to call
me a racist on his show he said she's
absolutely a racist to have compared
this and that and saying she looks like
this but of course I never said that
that's his interpretation of what I said
which now he has a little bit more time
away from so he's just called and said
he would love to interview me and my
publicist said well after calling her a
race I'd doubt that will happen and he
said well I'm very sorry and I want to
apologize to her I reacted you know a
knee-jerk reaction as I think he's also
recognizing and he wrote some he did
some stuff about it recently where he
was on I think he was on the bench a
pyro show where he was talking about it
and there was a clip that guy retweeted
the clip
do I do beat down on that Ben Shapiro
one of these days
yep what cuz he needs it what does he
need to be town for because he's a young
man that's how I'm gonna talk to people
now listen to me young man
you may think you know what a thing or
two about Judaism but you do not know as
much as I know so you sit down and
listen that's what I'll say well maybe
he would just listen you don't have to
do all that well I just did it anyway
Pope has been talking a lot about how
ridiculous this outrage culture is
cancel culture yeah they call it that
because of my show nobody else got
cancelled you know what's your name
called the president's Jewish daughter a
see you or to see you next Tuesday and
not an outing to her because she liked
Hillary I mean it's just going to show
it just was all partisan and our media
SH is that belongs to the people the the
airwaves are the people's air wave
another way to show a private public
money going into private hands through
corporate maneuvering but the the
airwaves are belong to the public so you
can't use the public's airwaves I see it
way I see it to to dumb down the public
so they won't vote for you not putting
poison in their community or their food
it's all a scam from top to bottom it's
all a scam every bit of it it's gonna
implode it is imploding I don't think
Society as long as people have love in
their hearts for their children and
their children's friends and each other
community government you know collapse
we keep trying this 700 years of
artificial intelligence yeah well I just
explained it for the last however long
what I mean what do you mean by
artificial intelligence how is
artificial intelligence running
everything
it's MKULTRA mind control a mind control
program that shoved down the fucking
throats of a populace of a captive
population like what is happening when
you say MKULTRA mind control
artificial intelligence like
what is happening to us well we're being
bred for certain things before bed well
we were bred but we're being activated
for certain things and I'm mostly
talking about the mentally ill because I
can see where you know all these things
these several things that happened that
was a mentally ill person who had mental
health issues and that's why it needs to
be talked about and mental health issues
come in all colors sizes and preferences
and it's time to seriously do something
about it rather than just looking the
other way as people die in filth on your
fancy Street cinema of America we can't
do this we have to have something else
it can't be what it has been either it
has to be a synthesis between all sorts
of economic plans and like Johnny and I
we talk about this 24/7 me and my
boyfriend that's all we live for is to
come up with a solution really and we
talk about people ISM which is a hybrid
it has to be a secret a synchronized
hybrid of the use of money of making
capitalism local and kind which we can't
believe nobody's thought of it yet but
this was part of my green plan for the
peace and freedom parties of socialist
in 2012 well I see that the okay zo
solitude whatever name is or nacio saw
AOC I can't marry well she took my green
cross of course she took my green thing
and fucked it up and I'm pissed because
I did think I did put forth solutions in
fact I before Trump I was the only
politician running for any kind of
office who came out with solutions and I
thought that I influenced Trump because
I ran my campaign totally on Twitter and
self-financed and you know all those
things and talking about a plan to make
a to make our communities work for us
the citizens are you in contact with him
yeah a little bit yeah oh yeah it is
like a fuckin Mick Jagger rock star
bigger he's bigger than the Pope I mean
he is and what happened today in the
Vatican that's what I was gonna ask you
today didn't you see you saw it right
what did you see I haven't even looked
at the net let's check in with
conspiracy headquarters Jamie's not
consuela I mean on the Internet
Oh Jamie what does it say about Jamie's
like the opposite of the Vatican mm-hmm
finances really Oh finances it should be
a lot of computers no no I'm fucking it
no natis a lot of computers were taken
oh no a lot of kid born yes there'll be
a lot of horrible shit anyplace you look
whether it's in the church or you know
yeah but the Vatican's like uniquely
gross in that regard
I mean I think there's certain who lives
in that city you know that it's its own
nation once its own nation yeah yeah and
there's 30 women in that nation see what
does that tell ya hmm that can tell you
somethin might think well when they were
looking for that when they found bodies
yeah kids come through there thousands
of bones not a lot of a lot of teachers
bring their students there to see
history because it does have history
that's what makes me mad as when it has
a history of art and it's all fuckin art
is totally fuckin compromised by church
and state yeah so that the only way you
can see it is by supporting their war on
us something else is going to happen
like Tiffany is talking about a new way
of art you know it's kind of like
crowdsource art I just like those ideas
like what have we made a movie that way
that'd be cool we Shammi what is the
what's the rate about what to read and
financial information and thought of it
the computers yeah I think they're not
really
because it's being invested and it was
at the moment it was the vatican police
who did it that's what's so great
because for a long time i've been saying
or feeling like you know all the good
people are coming together and leaving
the bad people by the side of the way
which that's what we have to do we
cannot include those parts of our
peoples who are bad anymore and that's
how they work just for a couple of
generations here but now we got to let
our own bad people go and we're not we
don't protect nothing bad
we embrace good in every other all
worldwide good comes to good and it even
happened with the Vatican police the
good because I always say like when I
talk spirituality I know you don't care
about astrology or any of those things
that I meant to but I felt like the good
was winning over the bad for a long long
time now and tipping the balance and
this was proof to me because it's like
the good came together against the bad
together
that's what's gonna happen everywhere it
is happening it's just really chilling
and wonderful to think about the things
that you know President Trump has done
by jet by one or two actions he's taken
like what well he's so nice to the
Jewish people Joe he's the only
president in the whole fucking Western
world who ever liked us really yeah he
liked us oh I almost didn't like the
Jewish people are you kidding no no no
no no no mmm in another hallway no he
don't he he liked some he likes someone
what else is Trump done that you really
like well when his daughter is there she
will light the Sabbath candles in the
White House on Friday night Ivanka so
you're just all about anything Jewish
not anything but only they're good
I don't like the bad I'm not going
further good right the good is okay we
have the ability to really fix some shit
that's the best part we can travel
deserts takes us 40 years to go three
miles cuz we're so stupid but once we
get it right you know we can keep
building something that works for all of
us and we can all like actually like
each other and then I could as a
grandmother I feel that I'm denied this
to be able to travel freely in the world
going to different cultures and sampling
their wonderful foods you denied this
yes well because you know you know there
are some countries who don't welcome
Jewish people okay but I like their food
so I don't see why they can't have me
over I was recently invited to Egypt
though because I've pitched so much
online about why do they know they like
me everyone likes me I don't I'm not a
mean person right you know I mean to the
devil that's rebel I don't like that
goddamn devil you think the devil's real
the devil in my head is what's the devil
in your head say what's the worst thing
it's ever said said the worst things you
could say but do you think it's really
the devil or you oh yeah oh it's not me
but do you think it's mental illness
yeah that's my devil right and I like
for a lot of us we do have that devil
boys a lot of people do we got a devil
voice well we're the you know were the
ancestors of some pretty violent animals
you think so
I used to think that wait till this
whole plan of the Apes thing Joe and now
I'm gonna tell you exactly what I think
about that I think apes evolved from
humans so humans were first yeah and
then well you know there's a whole
fossil record right yeah they actually
understand the understan well they do it
by carbon isotope dating they hope I'm
not in except you know not accepting
that's why they call it a theory of
evolution because it's not correct the
carbon isotope dating or is a carbonized
toast do you believe in
honks yes early yeah have you looked
around lately yeah I don't think it's
perfect I think there's a problem with
society that we let I mean it's a
terrible thing to say but there's a lot
of people that don't really have the
best genetics or the best life
experiences or the best things to offer
and they're breeding and they're doing a
terrible job of raising children I so
agree I that's one thing I am really
getting pissed at is how these women are
raising their kids when I see them out I
get so goddamn mad Joe I get so fucking
irate a lot of terrible men out there
too they seem more mean women to their
kids than men there's a lot of mean men
well there are usually main to the mom
there's a lot the mourner usually mean
to the women but the women take it out
on the kid don't you think um I think
men are mean to kids too
yeah this is mean people and they were
someone was mean to them and it's an
imperfect cycle you know I think that's
what I'm getting at it said evolution
even if it is real there's a lot of
people that are I mean it's not like the
best versions of humans or all that's
represented today in 2019 there's just
want to make sure everyone gets
mentioned so nobody because the thing I
think that is the enemy of humans is
self righteous indignation I think
that's the devil and when that devil
starts talking in my head that's always
where it starts with the self righteous
indignation which gives me the right to
do any means you know right because I'm
not with the other right the others are
wrong they're the other you're the right
one yeah and it's not gonna work just
not gonna work Rosanna I hope you do a
podcast I really do and if you really
want to do I'm gonna help you I'm gonna
connect you I'll connect you to someone
who set it up plus I think I could
really help a lot of people because I
have learned to live with catastrophic
mental illness I mean I fuck up
sometimes obviously but you know just
won't take care of myself
yeah I gave you Europe maybe your
journalist friend maybe she could do it
with you I think you guys I think you'd
be very entertaining I'm gonna think
you'd have a good time I think you could
enjoy yourself too well thanks for
having me it was wonderful it's always
great to see mm-hmm any time could you
tell I did my own eye makeup
wonderful I do good see that's all I
part of this whole thing I'll remember
I'm the Vatican deal are you uh are you
still active on Twitter can people still
find you there oh no no oh no the kids
took it away they won't give me the
thing
what about Instagram nope no good well I
do put some my kids put good pictures up
there oh that's good I got my own
YouTube channel oh yeah I forgot I got
my own YouTube channel where I tried to
sneak my drunken videos on it but my
kids forced me to delete those kids I
know I'm going to join I'm not good I'm
going to Beijing we'll talk after this
I'm gonna try to set you up
Thank You Rosa thank you my pleasure
thank you bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]